Chat 1
He: I want to spread your legs and eat out your wet pussy 
He: Mhmmm ;) and then I'm going to turn you over and put my hard cock deep inside you ;) 
He: And I'll kiss your neck and and slowly go in and out of you ;) 
He: I want to fill you up and make you scream ;) 
He: I want to dominate you and make you mine ;) 

Chat 2
He: Yea you do you Enjoy my big hard dick fucking 
He: You from behind 
She: Oh I certainly do, I love when you toss me around and then stick it in me switching positions 
She: I miss your big dick in my tight wet pussy
He: Mmmm I love that miss your tight pussy fucking my big dick 
He: Miss seeing you look back while pounding you balls deep bent over the bed 
She: Well babe I'm here and ready and willing for you to have your way with me 

Chat 3
He: Okay 
He: I want you on your hands and knees while you suck me looking up at me 
He: Then I want you to crawl up on me and ride me hard 
He: I want to make you scream while I suck on your breasts 
He: Then I want you to sit on me while I eat you out 
He: And you can suck on me hard until we cum 
Chat 4
She: Just being honest haha 
He: Haha I know! I love the honesty 
She: Good I would hope so 
He: Bending you over the kitchen island and fucking you from behind, that's the best position 
She: Sooo like let's do that v soon please? 
She: Cause that's my fav 
He: Sounds perfect to me:) what're you doing tomorrow? 

Chat 5
She: And have the hot water drip down my back as you grip every part of me tighter and closer 
He: I wanna hold you up against the shower wall and kiss you all over your body 
She: God that is so hot 
She: Please throw me up against anything and everything 
He: I'll be the bad cop 
She: Handcuff me 
She: Tie me up 
She: I don't care 

Chat 6
He: I will I pick you up and out you on the counter top, I spread our legs and tease you with my hard cock 
He: Until I kiss your body everywhere and spend some time caressing your breasts and neck 
He: I started eating you out very gently 
He: Moving my tongue in different motions and using my fingers to put pressure on your clit 
He: We make out intensely 

Chat 7
She: sides and fuck me hard and fast 
He: Mmm then put your legs behind your head, stick my finger in your wet pussy and make you squirt all over my fingers then slide my dick inside you and fuck you slowly til you beg to go deep and hard then fuck away 
He: Harder 
He: And harder 
He: Til you scream and slap the mattress with pleasure 
And grab my neck pulling me in for more kisses 
She: Yeah we're gonna fuck for a long time 

Chat 8
He: I'm stroking my hard cock thinking about you 
He: I want to be in you so bad 
He: I want you to grab me and kiss me 

Chat 9
She: I don't care 
He: I will 
He: And you'll scream and squirt everywhere 
She: I want your big hard dick inside of me 
She: Where it's nice and wet waiting for you 
He: I'll tie you up to the bed and get on top of you after eating you out and be so rough and passionate, you'll be itching to get out of those handcuffs so you can ride me till kingdom cum 
She: God I hope you're hard right now 
Chat 10
He: Rub your clit soft and gently 
He: If you have to get lube or use your spit and get yourself wet down there 
He: Rub harder and harder in circular motion 
He: With your other finger only insert your pinky 
He: Finger yourself until you want more 
He: Go to your index finger and finger and finger, feel yourself inside 
He: Imagine how great it feels for me to inside you 

Chat 11
He: Man I'm gonna have some fun with you 
She: I think so too 
She: Do you like eye contact when I'm sucking you off? 
He: Yes please I wanna see those gorgeous eyes of yours 
She: Can you orgasm from it? 
She: A blowjob? Not my eyes 
He: Yes to both 
She: What's your recovery time like? 
He: It really depends on recent masturbation tendencies but idk 5-10 min probably? 
He: Maybe a little longer 
She: Damn 
She: Nice recovery 
He: I am constantly horny 

Chat 12
She: I feel like something's missing in my life... 
She: Namely you. 
She: Between my legs. 

Chat 13
He: Yeah you got me all riled up 
She: Did I? 
He: Yeah I want to see you bent over in high heels 
She: I'm assuming it's a nice view
He: Ugh such a tease 
She: I'm thinking about you bending me over like that though. Is that really being a tease? 
He: Oh yeah? What am I doing? 
He: In your little fantasy 
She: You're pulling my hair back so that my back arches just a bit so you can hit closer to my gspot when you're inside of me 
He: Mmm I love that feeling when I thrust deep inside and my thighs press up against the back of yours. 
He: Just remember you don't get to cum until I say you can 

Chat 14
He: baby just get here so i can fuck you how you like it 

Chat 15
She: Size doesn't matter when you're horizontal anyway 
He: Or when you're bent over my bed 
She: Now you're talking 
He: Might not even have time to take your skirt off 
She: You can move the panties to the side 
She: If I'm wearing any
He: That's my girl 
He: Have you ever been with someone 6' 5"? Or similar height? 
She: No, never haha. 
She: You're very tall lol 
He: Haha just wait until I have you bent over and I reach around to rub your clit 
He: 5' 11" dudes could never

Chat 16 
He: I want you to promise me one thing 
She: Ok 
He: Tonight you will not move from there until I make you come with my mouth 
She: I promise 

Chat 17
She: That's what I want 
He: Oh baby 
He: Good girl 
She: I don't mind if you set the pace with your hand on my head, either.
She: I just want it to feel good 
He: I'm just gonna lightly wrap my hand around your hair to keep it out of your face and keep a little control He: over that pretty little mouth 
He: Go slow though 
She: I can do that 
He: Really take your time and enjoy it 
She: I will figure out what makes you tick, don't worry. 
He: Because I'm gonna tease the hell out of you before I let you cum all over my face 

Chat 18
She: I want your cock so bad my pussy is aching 
He: Oh god I want to fuck you so deeply 
She: Tell me how baby 
He: I want to make your pussy raw and cum in your face. You're such a dirty bitch and you're all mine 
He: My cock gets so hard when i think about fucking you, kissing your neck and pulling your nipples hard.
She: I want to be thrown on my tummy with my hands behind my back, have you pull my hair while forcing me down, fucking me until I cum on your cock 
He: I'm going to hold your hands down and peel your pussy lips apart so I can lick your clit and stick my tongue inside you. Then when you are dripping wet I'm going to push my hard dick into your tight pussy as deep as I can. 
He: I'm going to tease you by fucking you with just the tip so you are begging me to go deeper and when you think you cant take it anymore ill grab your hair and pound you from behind and spank your ass because your such a dirty girl. 
He: Then when you've cum all over my cock I'm going to turn you over and force my cock all the way down your throat and fuck your face. And just before I cum I'm going to pull out and cum all over your face. 

Chat 19
She: If I'm around you, we won't have a problem making sure I'm "well lubricated" 
He: Shh shh just say "Thank you, daddy" 
She: Then come over and fuck me right now "daddy" 
He: Call your boss and tell them you won't be in tomorrow. You're going to need a personal day to sleep and recover after what I do to you all night long. 
She: Who needs sleep when there are so many other fun things to do? 
He: Go get your vibrator 
She: No, I want to play with you first 
He: Oh yeah? What did you want to play with? 
She: What does your neck taste like? 
He: Hmm I'm not sure, I guess you'll have to tell me

Chat 20
He: I really want to eat you out until you forget why you had any worries in the first place 


Chat 21
She: I'm about to get a shower. 
He: That sounds sexy 
She: I'm going to rub my pussy thinking about you 
He: Tease 

Chat 22
He: I want to lay you down on the bed and take your panties off with my teeth inch by inch 
He: sliding down your legs. After that I want to gently circle your clit and I won't stop until you tell me to 

Chat 22
She: Could you do one really important thing for me though love? 
He: ?
She: Could you please French kiss my sweet little pussy love? 
She: I want to feel your warm mouth on me. Your wet tongue gliding slowly around my clit..... 
She: And cuddle me after all this rough lovings. 
He: I can indeed my little fucktoy 
She: Mmmm.... I feel all flush and tingly 
He: That's how your going to feel when I spread your pussy with my tongue and make you come with my mouth 

Chat 23
He: We're in the shower and you're soaking wet...everywhere. We get so worked up, rubbing my hard hard cock against your 
clit, that we do it on the couch soaking wet 

Chat 24
He: Are you at work 
He: When you have a free moment, slip away and show me you pretty little tits 
She: Yes sir 

Chat 25
She: I want your hands to be all over my body, slowly moving over my nipples and feeling them get harder under your finger tips. I can feel you tracing every curve of my body, eventually going down between my legs, feeling how wet I am, teasing my clit until I can't take it anymore and I beg you to eat me out 

Chat 26
He: Oh dear god I just cam so wonderfully. Thank you. 

Chat 27
He: i want to slowly spread your legs wide and kiss down the inside of your thighs 
He: I love how wet you get 
She: Well you know how to turn me on 
He: that makes me want to even more 
He: then i want to kiss all the way down the inside of your thighs 
He: all the way down 
She: I can feel your kisses 
He: and slowly spread you open 
He: and gently lick up and down 
He: outside first 
He: then work my way in 
She: My back is arched just thinking about that 
He: so hot 
He: then lick up and down 
He: right in the middle 
He: and slowly close in on your sexy clit 
He: and id curl my middle finger up, gently pressing on your g spot 
He: and rub up and down 
He: up past it, down over it, then stop right before i pull out 
He: over and over 
He: as im licking your clit 
She: Omg I so wish you were here 
He: so do i 
He: and then i would slowly speed it up 
He: pressing harder and harder on your g-spot 
He: as i keep licking

Chat 28 
He: I want you to fuck my mouth thrusting your hard cock down my throat and making my pussy sloppy wet while you fuck me with my wand and the fun extension. 
 She: I would love to fuck you with your toys 
He: I want you to fill my pussy with your thick cock so bad love. And I'd love to do this all with my pretty purple princess plug in. 

Chat 29
She: Wish I could kiss you before bed. 
She: Wrist bond to the couch as I'm bent over the arm. Ass up for you. 
She: Punk 
He: God I want to fuck your mouth and pussy so badly 
He: Sleep good 

Chat 30
She: I'm craving you right now. 

Chat 31
She: I was using my wand thinking about you fingering me with my plug in holding my wand to my Clit slowly pressing and easing off massaging me with the wand my hands tied above me so I was helpless to you as you made me squirt and cum and splash till you were satisfied 

Chat 32
He: trying to concentrate on my work but all I've been doing is daydreaming about having you bent over my desk with your jeans around your ankles 

Chat 33
She: Could you please.... 
She: Thrust your cock deep inside my mouth. Stretching my throat and making me squirm while I'm all tied up. 

Chat 34
He: you back on to me so I can finish the job 
She: I can't wait to have you inside me while you play with my clit, ramming me so hard and making my legs shake. I want to be gasping for air while begging for more 
He: I can't wait to pick you up from the couch and take you to the kitchen counter and pleasure you and then pick you back up and pin you up against the kitchen wall and continue 
She: Fuck I want that so bad 
She: I want to go all night 
He: We can and we should 

Chat 35
She: I want massage your shoulders 
She: Is that weird? 
He: No 
He: Will you be naked? 
She: Only if you want me to be. 
She: Or I could just be wearing a pearl thong and princess plug. 

Chat 36
She: Yeah I have a very high sex drive lol 
He:So come sit on my face 
She: Make me cum? 
He: I'd love to 
She: Repeatedly 
He: Over and over and over 
She: Until I scream 
He: Oh yes, I won't stop 
She: I want to be shaking 
He: I'll make you shake, that's such a turn on for me 

Chat 37
She: can you come over & eat me out?